x2 2 5 8 PDF 2 9 5 2 4 8 Duke Ellington
School of the Arts is a pre-professional
college preparatory program located in
the heart of Georgetown and our campus
is surrounded by residential area
Ellington teaches 8 different
disciplines dance
instrumental music literary medium
communications museum studies theatre
technical designer production Visual
Arts and vocal music at Ellington
students are in academic classes from
8:30 a.m. to 2 o'clock p.m. at 2 o'clock
students move into arts bar
national sponsored by the company we all
know love for meaning which if we win
this contest worse in $50,000 which we
will then use to buy 50 brand-new Mac
computers which will put on a Mac laptop
so computers on wheels or caps as we
like to call them these computers that
you see here need to be replaced by new
ones so that we can probably digitize
our creative work in a more robust and
timely fashion technology is a wonderful
thing the way that we win is the
community votes for us
anybody can text or both of us online
once every 24 hours and if we get the
most votes we will then be awarded the
Clorox brand so please come out and vote
for us and support our students